hello welcome to the graphic soup channel
this time I bring you an unpacked
the nvidia geforce city graphics card
720 manufacturing tvg this is a model
2014 is a graph now range
medium-low with 2 gb of memory ddr3
running at 1600 megahertz while
the gpu reaches 797 megahertz
It has a 64-bit memory interface
you do not need a high power source
just 300 watts has an hdmi port
with a vga entry is not compatible with
blu-ray for this function does not
I recommend even for movies or videos 4k
or games with all the benefits or is
say in full resolution
well from my experience with the card
barely a month I was disappointed that
apparently the game is closed
gta 5 after playing about 10 or
30 minutes and this is something very annoying and
apparently it is because of its low capacity
I've learned that there are expensive cards
that bring only one gigabyte of memory and
work better than memories
that bring 2 and 4 gigas of
memories do not be fooled if they are
looking for a good graphic dora and they
offer one of a modest price and not very
expensive to probably so be your
performance even bring 2 to 4 gigas
of memory always search and read
inquire there will always be someone who already
have bought and give their opinion but
out of this is a very good card
It helps a lot to solve the problems
of pasting the operating system and it's a
good investment if what you are looking for is a
average speed in web browsing if
what I need is the rendering of
video
and high resolution gamer performance
this card is not for you it's not going very
ok with a game is a latest model
so to speak but if it will help you a lot
with eggs of about two or three years
back well, well, here I have shown you
how is the box
well here I show you what the
box inside
the price of this card ranges from
the 190 thousand and the 220 thousand pesos
Colombians I insist that they do not leave
cheat
here we have what is inside the
box
well this side is not
here we have
what is the graph
It's a pretty small card in
size compared to other graphics is
Half the size is quite small
but this is a plus point if your cpu
board is small too
they have a double bag that is a detail
to highlight and well here we have what it is
the card with a vga port and a port
hdmi the other is a port for
television or something like that actually not
I am very sure
here the heat sink that is
pretty simple and its micro
components
his envy remark
very well
here we have the dora graphic card
issues
parts that secure the work card
are two look at each other
well this is all that is inside of
the box is the screw too but not
I'm going to show you
well I want to finish making a
comparison of this card with the
gta 5 game requirements in cura corts
Take care of corts is like the amount of
cores that has a graphics card is
similar to charters and that's what it does
that the graph is now powerful is to me
point of view a more important fact
that the gigas of memory
well the gta 5 needs a minimum
geforce gt 980 card that has 112 q
da corts we remember that you need like
minimum this card but guys I'll
I assure you that this card is only going to
start and you will not be able to play the game
it's going to close late that early
and the card that gta recommends for the
game gta 5 is the nvidia gtx 660 of 2 gb
this card has 960 q gives corts and you
I assure you that you can play very well with
this card plus you can
develop and perform better in your
activities on your pc and now the question
is
you know how many caring corts have
the geforce nvidia 17 20
has only 192 hp of corso
card that I would recommend although there
quite controversial about it would be the
that I am about to acquire nvidia
geforce gtx 970 this one has in 1664 cuda
corts with a price of 970 thousand pesos
Colombians
It is an excellent card
I will show you photos of the product while
I say goodbye please like that
would help a lot to be able to continue
sharing material so subscribe
comment if you would like to see another boxing
or unpacking some product or
some card and share if you have
liked David and even the
next